this has been a good event for BeOn motorcycles
we accomplished our goals that were to test the 2 bikes
with all the motorcycle press testing the  2 bikes
and finally race them both in the Trophy Cup
and we are very happy with the fast lap times that were set today
all the riders were impressed with the bikes
so...
we will carry on promoting the bikes and
with more races still to come, we hope people will get to know us better
by leading races like we were today
...the pre-moto3 (250cc)
is a fun bike to ride!!!
you can feel the bike is
made for young riders
it's very small and lite
they certainly spent a lot
of time on this chassis
it's very good
and the engine runs
stronger then I expected
but you do need to keep the rev's up
to have it in the best power band
however
you still can get fast laps on this bike
since it's so lite, our lap times were very interesting
the GP450 with it's 450cc engine
is a bigger bike that fits any rider
I felt good on the bike
the engine is more powerful so it picks up speed faster
coming out of corners
allthough I noticed
a slight rev gap between 4th  5th gear
that can easyally be corrected with a different gearing
the suspension still needed further adjusting
besides that!!!
this is definitely a fun bike to race
and..
may make many riders switch from
bigger bikes to this small bike
that doesn't have so much top speed
but is definitely more fun when braking and turning corners